chore(metric API): timestamp value update (#19193)
newrelic/docs-website: src/content/docs/data-apis/ingest-apis/metric-api/report-metrics-metric-api.mdx

We report the metric types `count`, `gauge`, and `summary`. For more information on metrics see [our documentation](/docs/telemetry-data-platform/ingest-manage-data/understand-data/metric-data-type).

Submit metric data to New Relic through an HTTP POST request. Each request is composed of one or more metric data points, which consist of a metric name, a timestamp, and a value.

Follow this example to send your first metric data points to New Relic:

1. Get the <InlinePopover type="licenseKey"/> for the account you want to report data to.
2. Insert the license key into the following JSON, and then send the JSON to our [endpoint](#api-endpoint).

> 3. Update the `timestamp` value from `CURRENT_TIMESTAMP` to [a valid epoch timestamp](#json-payload-keys).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3. For `timestamp` replace `INSERT_CURRENT_TIMESTAMP` with a valid [epoch timestamp](#json-payload-keys).
```

               "name":"memory.heap", 
               "type":"gauge", 
               "value":2.3, 

>                "timestamp":CURRENT_TIMESTAMP, 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
               "timestamp": INSERT_CURRENT_TIMESTAMP, 
```

            "name": "service.errors.all",
            "type": "count",
            "value": 15,

>             "timestamp":CURRENT_TIMESTAMP,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
            "timestamp": INSERT_CURRENT_TIMESTAMP,
```

            "name": "service.memory",
            "type": "gauge",
            "value": 2.7,

>             "timestamp":CURRENT_TIMESTAMP,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
            "timestamp": INSERT_CURRENT_TIMESTAMP,
```

      </td>

      <td>

>         <DNT>**Required**</DNT>. The metric's start time in [Unix time](https://currentmillis.com/). The default uses UTC time zone. This field also support seconds, microseconds, and nanoseconds. However, the data will be converted to milliseconds for storage and query. Metrics reported with a timestamp older than 48 hours in the past or more than 24 hours in the future from the time they are reported are dropped.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        <DNT>**Required**</DNT>. The metric's start time in [Unix time](https://currentmillis.com/). The default uses UTC time zone. This field also support seconds, microseconds, and nanoseconds. However, the data will be converted to milliseconds for storage and query. Metrics are dropped if they have a timestamp more than 48 hours in the past or more than 24 hours in the future from the time they are reported.
```

Reviewer: @sujitnewrelic I know this revision has passive voice, but in this case, that seems appropriate.

            "name": "temperature", 
            "type": "gauge", 
            "value": 15, 

>             "timestamp":CURRENT_TIMESTAMP, 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
            "timestamp": INSERT_CURRENT_TIMESTAMP, 
```

              "max": 0.001708826
            },
            "interval.ms": 10000, 

>             "timestamp":CURRENT_TIMESTAMP,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
            "timestamp": INSERT_CURRENT_TIMESTAMP,
```
